and this is what you shall do to them to
and this is what you shall do to them to hallow them for ministering to me as
hallow them for ministering to me as
hallow them for ministering to me as priests take one young ball and two Rams
priests take one young ball and two Rams
priests take one young ball and two Rams without blemish and unleavened bread
without blemish and unleavened bread
without blemish and unleavened bread unleavened cakes mixed with oil and
unleavened cakes mixed with oil and
unleavened cakes mixed with oil and unleavened wafers anointed with oil you
unleavened wafers anointed with oil you
unleavened wafers anointed with oil you shall make them of wheat flour you shall
shall make them of wheat flour you shall
shall make them of wheat flour you shall put them in one basket and bring them in
put them in one basket and bring them in
put them in one basket and bring them in the basket with the ball and the two
the basket with the ball and the two
the basket with the ball and the two ramps and Aaron and his sons you shall
ramps and Aaron and his sons you shall
ramps and Aaron and his sons you shall bring to the door of the tabernacle of
bring to the door of the tabernacle of
bring to the door of the tabernacle of meeting and you shall wash them with
meeting and you shall wash them with
meeting and you shall wash them with water then you shall take the garments
water then you shall take the garments
water then you shall take the garments put the tunic on Aaron and the robe of
put the tunic on Aaron and the robe of
put the tunic on Aaron and the robe of the ephod the ephod and the breastplate
the ephod the ephod and the breastplate
the ephod the ephod and the breastplate and gird him with the intricately woven
and gird him with the intricately woven
and gird him with the intricately woven band of the ephod you shall put the
band of the ephod you shall put the
band of the ephod you shall put the turban on his head and put the holy
turban on his head and put the holy
turban on his head and put the holy crown on the turban and you shall take
crown on the turban and you shall take
crown on the turban and you shall take the anointing oil pour it on his head
the anointing oil pour it on his head
the anointing oil pour it on his head and anoint him then you shall bring his
and anoint him then you shall bring his
and anoint him then you shall bring his sons and put tunics on them and you
sons and put tunics on them and you
sons and put tunics on them and you shall gird them with sashes Aaron and
shall gird them with sashes Aaron and
shall gird them with sashes Aaron and his sons and put the hats on them the
his sons and put the hats on them the
his sons and put the hats on them the priesthood shall be theirs for a
priesthood shall be theirs for a
priesthood shall be theirs for a perpetual statute so you shall
perpetual statute so you shall
perpetual statute so you shall consecrate Aaron
consecrate Aaron
consecrate Aaron and his sons you shall also have the
and his sons you shall also have the
and his sons you shall also have the bull brought before the tabernacle of
bull brought before the tabernacle of
bull brought before the tabernacle of meeting and Aaron and his sons shall put
meeting and Aaron and his sons shall put
meeting and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands on their head of the bull
their hands on their head of the bull
their hands on their head of the bull then you shall kill the bull before the
then you shall kill the bull before the
then you shall kill the bull before the Lord by the door of the tabernacle of
Lord by the door of the tabernacle of
Lord by the door of the tabernacle of meeting you shall take some of the blood
meeting you shall take some of the blood
meeting you shall take some of the blood of the bull and put it on the horns of
of the bull and put it on the horns of
of the bull and put it on the horns of the altar with your finger and pour all
the altar with your finger and pour all
the altar with your finger and pour all the blood beside the base of the altar
the blood beside the base of the altar
the blood beside the base of the altar and you shall take all the fat that
and you shall take all the fat that
and you shall take all the fat that covers the entrails the fatty lobe
covers the entrails the fatty lobe
covers the entrails the fatty lobe attached to the liver and the two
attached to the liver and the two
attached to the liver and the two kidneys and the fat that is on them and
kidneys and the fat that is on them and
kidneys and the fat that is on them and burn them on the altar but the flesh of
burn them on the altar but the flesh of
burn them on the altar but the flesh of the bull with its skin and it's awful
the bull with its skin and it's awful
the bull with its skin and it's awful you shall burn with fire outside the
you shall burn with fire outside the
you shall burn with fire outside the camp it is a sin offering you shall also
camp it is a sin offering you shall also
camp it is a sin offering you shall also take one RAM and Aaron and his sons
take one RAM and Aaron and his sons
take one RAM and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands on their head of
shall put their hands on their head of
shall put their hands on their head of the RAM and you shall kill the RAM and
the RAM and you shall kill the RAM and
the RAM and you shall kill the RAM and you shall take its blood and sprinkle it
you shall take its blood and sprinkle it
you shall take its blood and sprinkle it all around on the altar then you shall
all around on the altar then you shall
all around on the altar then you shall cut the RAM in pieces wash its entrails
cut the RAM in pieces wash its entrails
cut the RAM in pieces wash its entrails and its legs and put them with its
and its legs and put them with its
and its legs and put them with its pieces and with its head and you shall
pieces and with its head and you shall
pieces and with its head and you shall burn the whole RAM on the altar
burn the whole RAM on the altar
burn the whole RAM on the altar it is a burnt offering to the Lord it is
it is a burnt offering to the Lord it is
it is a burnt offering to the Lord it is a sweet aroma an offering made by fire
a sweet aroma an offering made by fire
a sweet aroma an offering made by fire to the Lord you shall also take the
to the Lord you shall also take the
to the Lord you shall also take the other round and Aaron and his sons shall
other round and Aaron and his sons shall
other round and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands on the head of the
put their hands on the head of the
put their hands on the head of the then you shall kill the round and take
then you shall kill the round and take
then you shall kill the round and take some of its blood and put it on the tip
some of its blood and put it on the tip
some of its blood and put it on the tip of the right ear of Aaron and on the tip
of the right ear of Aaron and on the tip
of the right ear of Aaron and on the tip of the right ear of his sons on the
of the right ear of his sons on the
of the right ear of his sons on the thumb of their right hand and on the big
thumb of their right hand and on the big
thumb of their right hand and on the big toe of their right foot and sprinkle the
toe of their right foot and sprinkle the
toe of their right foot and sprinkle the blood all around on the altar and you
blood all around on the altar and you
blood all around on the altar and you shall take some of the blood that is on
shall take some of the blood that is on
shall take some of the blood that is on the altar and some of the anointing oil
the altar and some of the anointing oil
the altar and some of the anointing oil and sprinkle it on Aaron and on his
and sprinkle it on Aaron and on his
and sprinkle it on Aaron and on his garments on his sons and on the garments
garments on his sons and on the garments
garments on his sons and on the garments of his sons with him and he and his
of his sons with him and he and his
of his sons with him and he and his garments shall be hallowed and his sons
garments shall be hallowed and his sons
garments shall be hallowed and his sons and his sons garments with him also you
and his sons garments with him also you
and his sons garments with him also you shall take the fat of the RAM the fat
shall take the fat of the RAM the fat
shall take the fat of the RAM the fat tale the fat that covers the entrails
tale the fat that covers the entrails
tale the fat that covers the entrails the fatty lobe attached to the liver the
the fatty lobe attached to the liver the
the fatty lobe attached to the liver the two kidneys and the fat on them the
two kidneys and the fat on them the
two kidneys and the fat on them the right thigh four it is a ram of
right thigh four it is a ram of
right thigh four it is a ram of consecration one loaf of bread one cake
consecration one loaf of bread one cake
consecration one loaf of bread one cake made with oil and one wafer from the
made with oil and one wafer from the
made with oil and one wafer from the basket of the unleavened bread that is
basket of the unleavened bread that is
basket of the unleavened bread that is before the Lord and you shall put all
before the Lord and you shall put all
before the Lord and you shall put all these in the hands of Aaron and in the
these in the hands of Aaron and in the
these in the hands of Aaron and in the hands of his sons and you shall wave
hands of his sons and you shall wave
hands of his sons and you shall wave them as a wave offering before the Lord
them as a wave offering before the Lord
them as a wave offering before the Lord you shall receive them back from their
you shall receive them back from their
you shall receive them back from their hands and burn them on the altar as a
hands and burn them on the altar as a
hands and burn them on the altar as a burnt offering as a sweet aroma before
burnt offering as a sweet aroma before
burnt offering as a sweet aroma before the Lord it is an offering made by fire
the Lord it is an offering made by fire
the Lord it is an offering made by fire to the Lord
to the Lord
to the Lord then you shall take the breast of the
then you shall take the breast of the
then you shall take the breast of the RAM of Aaron's consecration and wave it
RAM of Aaron's consecration and wave it
RAM of Aaron's consecration and wave it as a wave offering before the Lord and
as a wave offering before the Lord and
as a wave offering before the Lord and it shall be your portion and from the
it shall be your portion and from the
it shall be your portion and from the RAM of the consecration you shall
RAM of the consecration you shall
RAM of the consecration you shall consecrate the breasts of the wave
consecrate the breasts of the wave
consecrate the breasts of the wave offering which is waved and the thigh of
offering which is waved and the thigh of
offering which is waved and the thigh of the heave offering which is raised of
the heave offering which is raised of
the heave offering which is raised of that which is for Aaron and of that
that which is for Aaron and of that
that which is for Aaron and of that which is for his sons it shall be from
which is for his sons it shall be from
which is for his sons it shall be from the children of Israel for Aaron and his
the children of Israel for Aaron and his
the children of Israel for Aaron and his sons by a statute forever for it is a
sons by a statute forever for it is a
sons by a statute forever for it is a heave offering it shall be a heave
heave offering it shall be a heave
heave offering it shall be a heave offering from the children of Israel
offering from the children of Israel
offering from the children of Israel from the sacrifices of their peace
from the sacrifices of their peace
from the sacrifices of their peace offerings that is their heave offering
offerings that is their heave offering
offerings that is their heave offering to the Lord and the holy garments of
to the Lord and the holy garments of
to the Lord and the holy garments of Aaron shall be his sons after him to be
Aaron shall be his sons after him to be
Aaron shall be his sons after him to be anointed in them and to be consecrated
anointed in them and to be consecrated
anointed in them and to be consecrated in them that son who becomes priest in
in them that son who becomes priest in
in them that son who becomes priest in his place shall put them on for seven
his place shall put them on for seven
his place shall put them on for seven days when he enters the tabernacle of
days when he enters the tabernacle of
days when he enters the tabernacle of meeting to minister in the holy place
meeting to minister in the holy place
meeting to minister in the holy place and you shall take the RAM of the
and you shall take the RAM of the
and you shall take the RAM of the consecration and boil its flesh in the
consecration and boil its flesh in the
consecration and boil its flesh in the holy place then Aaron and his sons shall
holy place then Aaron and his sons shall
holy place then Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the RAM and the bread
eat the flesh of the RAM and the bread
eat the flesh of the RAM and the bread that is in the basket by the door of the
that is in the basket by the door of the
that is in the basket by the door of the tabernacle of meeting they shall eat
tabernacle of meeting they shall eat
tabernacle of meeting they shall eat those things with which the atonement
those things with which the atonement
those things with which the atonement was made to consecrate and to sanctify
was made to consecrate and to sanctify
was made to consecrate and to sanctify them but an outsider shall not eat them
them but an outsider shall not eat them
them but an outsider shall not eat them because they are holy and if any of the
because they are holy and if any of the
because they are holy and if any of the flesh of the consecration offerings or
flesh of the consecration offerings or
flesh of the consecration offerings or of the bread remains until the morning
of the bread remains until the morning
of the bread remains until the morning then you shall burn the remainder with
then you shall burn the remainder with
then you shall burn the remainder with fire it shall not be eaten because it is
fire it shall not be eaten because it is
fire it shall not be eaten because it is holy
holy
holy thus you shall do to Aaron and his sons
thus you shall do to Aaron and his sons
thus you shall do to Aaron and his sons according to all that I have commanded
according to all that I have commanded
according to all that I have commanded you seven days you shall consecrate them
you seven days you shall consecrate them
you seven days you shall consecrate them and you shall offer a bull every day as
and you shall offer a bull every day as
and you shall offer a bull every day as a sin offering for atonement you shall
a sin offering for atonement you shall
a sin offering for atonement you shall cleanse the altar when you make
cleanse the altar when you make
cleanse the altar when you make atonement for it and you shall anoint it
atonement for it and you shall anoint it
atonement for it and you shall anoint it to sanctify it seven days you shall make
to sanctify it seven days you shall make
to sanctify it seven days you shall make atonement for the altar and sanctified
atonement for the altar and sanctified
atonement for the altar and sanctified and the altar shall be most holy
and the altar shall be most holy
and the altar shall be most holy whatever touches the altar must be holy
whatever touches the altar must be holy
whatever touches the altar must be holy now this is what you shall offer on the
now this is what you shall offer on the
now this is what you shall offer on the altar two lambs of the first year
altar two lambs of the first year
altar two lambs of the first year day-by-day continually one lamb you
day-by-day continually one lamb you
day-by-day continually one lamb you shall offer in the morning and the other
shall offer in the morning and the other
shall offer in the morning and the other lamb you shall offer at twilight with
lamb you shall offer at twilight with
lamb you shall offer at twilight with the one lamb shall be one tenth of an
the one lamb shall be one tenth of an
the one lamb shall be one tenth of an ephah of flour mixed with 1/4 of a hint
ephah of flour mixed with 1/4 of a hint
ephah of flour mixed with 1/4 of a hint of pressed oil and 1/4 of a hint of wine
of pressed oil and 1/4 of a hint of wine
of pressed oil and 1/4 of a hint of wine as a drink offering and the other lamb
as a drink offering and the other lamb
as a drink offering and the other lamb you shall offer a twilight and you shall
you shall offer a twilight and you shall
you shall offer a twilight and you shall offer with it the grain offering and the
offer with it the grain offering and the
offer with it the grain offering and the drink offering as in the morning for a
drink offering as in the morning for a
drink offering as in the morning for a sweet aroma an offering made by fire to
sweet aroma an offering made by fire to
sweet aroma an offering made by fire to the Lord this shall be a continual burnt
the Lord this shall be a continual burnt
the Lord this shall be a continual burnt offering throughout your generations at
offering throughout your generations at
offering throughout your generations at the door of the tabernacle of meeting
the door of the tabernacle of meeting
the door of the tabernacle of meeting before the Lord where I will meet you to
before the Lord where I will meet you to
before the Lord where I will meet you to speak with you and there I will meet
speak with you and there I will meet
speak with you and there I will meet with the children of Israel and the
with the children of Israel and the
with the children of Israel and the tabernacle shall be sanctified by my
tabernacle shall be sanctified by my
tabernacle shall be sanctified by my glory
so I will consecrate the tabernacle of
so I will consecrate the tabernacle of meeting and the altar
meeting and the altar
meeting and the altar I will also consecrate both Aaron and
I will also consecrate both Aaron and
I will also consecrate both Aaron and his sons to minister to me as priests I
his sons to minister to me as priests I
his sons to minister to me as priests I will dwell among the children of Israel
will dwell among the children of Israel
will dwell among the children of Israel and will be their God and they shall
and will be their God and they shall
and will be their God and they shall know that I am the Lord their God who
know that I am the Lord their God who
know that I am the Lord their God who brought them up out of the land of Egypt
brought them up out of the land of Egypt
brought them up out of the land of Egypt that I may dwell among them I am the
that I may dwell among them I am the
that I may dwell among them I am the Lord their God